# HQL Support for IntelliJ / PyCharm

Jetbrain's IntelliJ / PyCharm are amazing IDEs for python development, but they do not provide Hive syntax highlighting. This repo is fork of SQL bundle for PyCharm with improvements that made HQL support available in these IDEs. 

# Installation for IntelliJ / PyCharm

* Install TextMate bundle plugin for your IntelliJ/PyCharm 
* Clone this repo locally 
* Under Preferences / Editor / TextMate Bundles import this repo
* Apply changes and have fun

# Installation for TextMate

You can install this bundle in TextMate by opening the preferences and going to the bundles tab. After installation it will be automatically updated for you.

# General

* [Bundle Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/bundle_styleguide) — _before you make changes_
* [Commit Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/commit_styleguide) — _before you send a pull request_
* [Writing Bug Reports](http://kb.textmate.org/writing_bug_reports) — _before you report an issue_

# License

If not otherwise specified (see below), files in this repository fall under the following license:

	Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this
	software is granted. This software is provided "as is" without
	express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its
	suitability for any purpose.

An exception is made for files in readable text which contain their own license information, or files where an accompanying file exists (in the same directory) with a “-license” suffix added to the base-name name of the original file, and an extension of txt, html, or similar. For example “tidy” is accompanied by “tidy-license.txt”.

# Improvements
This bundle works with defauls theme, but would require some css work in order to make it work for widely popular Dracula
